TERMS OF USE
Last updated Dec 23, 2017

Welcome, and thank you for visiting the Matryx github (the “Matryx github). Nanome Inc. (“Nanome”, “we”, “us” or “our”) provides the Matryx github, our App for Windows, our App for Mac, our App for iOS, and our Android app and our browser extensions related to our Ethereum decentralized, open source collaboration platform that includes a blockchain-bounty system, library of digital assets and marketplace (together, the “Matryx Products”) to you subject to the following terms of use (“Terms”). The Matryx Products are offered to you conditioned on your acceptance, without modification, of the Terms. Your use of the Matryx Products constitutes your agreement to all such Terms. Please read these Terms carefully, keep a copy of them for your reference, and if you have any questions about these Terms please contact us prior to using the Matryx Products.

We are frequently modifying, updating, expanding, and improving the Matryx Products. We reserve the right, subject to applicable law, to make changes, modify, or add or remove portions of these Terms, our Privacy Policy, the Terms of Token Sale (“Token Sale Agreement”), Matryx tokens (“MTX”) and other incorporated terms and policies at any time, in our sole discretion. Material changes to these Terms will not be applied retroactively. Nonetheless, we encourage you to check the Matryx Site frequently to see the current Terms in effect and any changes that may have been made to them. If we make material changes to these Terms, we will post the revised Terms and the revised effective date on the Matryx Site. Your continued use of the Matryx Products after the date of any such changes become effective constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. No one at Nanome is authorized to modify these Terms with you or otherwise enter into an agreement with you that conflicts with these Terms, except by means of written agreement signed by an authorized agent of Nanome, and any other purported modifications or alterations or conflicting terms will be null and void.

PLEASE READ THESE TERMS CAREFULLY, AS THEY CONTAIN AN AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE AND OTHER IMPORTANT INFORMATION REGARDING YOUR LEGAL RIGHTS, REMEDIES, AND OBLIGATIONS.  THE AGREEMENT TO ARBITRATE REQUIRES (WITH LIMITED EXCEPTION) THAT YOU SUBMIT CLAIMS YOU HAVE AGAINST US TO BINDING AND FINAL ARBITRATION, AND FURTHER (1) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO PURSUE CLAIMS AGAINST NANOME ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS, NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE ACTION OR PROCEEDING, AND (2) YOU WILL ONLY BE PERMITTED TO SEEK RELIEF (INCLUDING MONETARY, INJUNCTIVE, AND DECLARATORY RELIEF) ON AN INDIVIDUAL BASIS.

Token Sale Agreement

When you open an account with Nanome, purchase MTX, or engage in any other transaction with Nanome, you also will be subject to the Token Sale Agreement and/or other similar agreements governing your use of our services. In the case of any conflict between the Terms and the Token Sale Agreement, the provisions of the Token Sale Agreement will control.
 
Electronic Communications

Visiting the Matryx Products or sending emails to Nanome constitute electronic communications. By visiting the Matryx Site or sending emails to Nanome, you consent to receive electronic communications and you agree that all agreements, notices, disclosures and other communications that we provide to you electronically, via email or on the Matryx Products, satisfy any legal requirement that such communications be in writing.

Your Account

If you use this platform, you are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer, and you agree to accept responsibility for all activities that occur under your account or password. You may not assign or otherwise transfer your account to any other person or entity. You acknowledge that Nanome is not responsible for third party access to your account that results from theft or misappropriation of your account. Nanome and its associates reserve the right, in our sole discretion, to refuse or cancel service, terminate accounts, or remove or edit content. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your password and account, if any, and are fully responsible for any and all activities that occur under your password or account. You agree to (a) immediately notify us of any unauthorized use of your password or account or any other breach of security, and (b) ensure that you exit from your account at the end of each session when accessing the Matryx Products. We will not be liable for any loss or damage arising from your failure to comply with this Section.

Nanome does not knowingly collect, either online or offline, personal information from persons under the age of eighteen. If you are under 18, you may not use the Matryx Products and may not enter into a Token Sale Agreement under any circumstances.

You acknowledge that we may establish general practices and limits concerning use of the Matryx Products, including without limitation the maximum period of time that data or other content will be retained by the Matryx Products and the maximum storage space that will be allotted on Nanome’s servers on your behalf. You agree that we have no responsibility or liability for the deletion or failure to store any data or other content maintained or uploaded by the Matryx Products. You acknowledge that we reserve the right to terminate accounts that are inactive for an extended period of time. You further acknowledge that we reserve the right to change these general practices and limits at any time, in its sole discretion, with or without notice.

Mobile Services

The Matryx Products include certain services that are available via a mobile device, including (i) the ability to upload content to the Matryx Products via a mobile device, (ii) the ability to browse the Matryx Products and the Matryx Site from a mobile device and (iii) the ability to access certain features through an application downloaded and installed on a mobile device (collectively, the “Mobile Services”). To the extent you access the Matryx Products through a mobile device, your wireless service carrier’s standard charges, data rates and other fees may apply.  In addition, downloading, installing, or using certain Mobile Services may be prohibited or restricted by your carrier, and not all Mobile Services may work with all carriers or devices. By using the Mobile Services, you agree that we may communicate with you regarding Nanome and other entities by SMS, MMS, text message or other electronic means to your mobile device and that certain information about your usage of the Mobile Services may be communicated to us.  In the event you change or deactivate your mobile telephone number, you agree to promptly update your Nanome account information to ensure that your messages are not sent to the person that acquires your old number.

Third Party Services and Accounts

The Matryx Products may contain links to other websites or services, or we may permit you, from time to time, to connect your Matryx Product account to third party accounts for third party services (such websites and services, “Third Party Services”). The Third Party Services are not under the control of Nanome and Nanome is not responsible for the contents of any Third Party Service, including without limitation any link, data, content or other materials contained in a Third Party Service, or any changes or updates to a Third Party Service. Nanome is providing this functionality to you only as a convenience, and any connection to a Third Party Service does not imply endorsement by Nanome of the Third Party Service or any association with its operators. You agree that you must evaluate, and bear all risks associated with, the use of any data, content or other materials contained in a Third Party Service, including any reliance on the accuracy, completeness, or usefulness thereof.

To the extent you connect your Matryx Product account to your third party account, you acknowledge and agree that you are consenting to the continuous release of information about you to others (in accordance with your privacy settings on those Third Party Services). If you do not want information about you to be shared in this manner, do not use this feature.

Certain services made available via the Matryx Products are delivered by third party sites and organizations. By using any product, service or functionality originating from the Matryx Products domain, you hereby acknowledge and consent that Nanome may share such information and data with any third party with whom Nanome has a contractual relationship to provide the requested product, service or functionality on behalf of Matryx Products users and customers.

Prohibited Uses and Intellectual Property

You are granted a non-exclusive, non-transferable, revocable license to access and use the Matryx Products strictly in accordance with these Terms. As a condition of your use of the Matryx Products, you warrant to Nanome that you will not use the Matryx Products for any purpose that is unlawful or prohibited by these Terms. You may not use the Matryx Products in any manner that could damage, disable, overburden, or impair the Matryx Products or interfere with any other party’s use and enjoyment of the Matryx Products. You may not obtain or attempt to obtain any materials or information through any means not intentionally made available or provided for through the Matryx Products.

All content included on the Matryx Products, except for Submissions (as defined below), such as text, graphics, logos, images, as well as the compilation thereof, and any software used on the Matryx Products (collectively, “Matryx Content”), is the property of Nanome or its suppliers and protected by copyright, trademark and other laws that protect intellectual property and proprietary rights. You agree to observe and abide by all copyright and other proprietary notices, legends or other restrictions contained in any such content and will not make any changes thereto.

You will not modify, publish, transmit, reverse engineer, participate in the transfer or sale, create derivative works, or in any way exploit any of the Matryx Content, in whole or in part, found on the Matryx Products. Matryx Content is not for resale. Your use of the Matryx Products does not entitle you to make any unauthorized use of any Matryx Content, and in particular you will not delete or alter any proprietary rights or attribution notices in any Matryx Content. You will use Matryx Content solely for your personal use, and will make no other use of Matryx Content without the express written permission of Nanome and the copyright owner. You agree that you do not acquire any ownership rights in any Matryx Content. We do not grant you any licenses, express or implied, to the intellectual property of Nanome or our licensors except as expressly authorized by these Terms. If you are blocked by us from accessing the Matryx Products (including by blocking your IP address), you agree not to implement any measures to circumvent such blocking (e.g., by masking your IP address or using a proxy IP address).

Communication Services

The Matryx Products may but need not contain bulletin board services, chat areas, news groups, forums, communities, personal web pages, calendars, and/or other message or communication facilities designed to enable you to communicate with the public at large or with a group (collectively, “Communication Services”). You agree to use the Communication Services only to post, send and receive messages and material that are proper and related to the particular Communication Service.

By way of example, and not as a limitation, you agree that when using a Communication Service, you will not: defame, abuse, harass, stalk, threaten or otherwise violate the legal rights (such as rights of privacy and publicity) of others; publish, post, upload, distribute or disseminate any inappropriate, profane, defamatory, infringing, obscene, indecent or unlawful topic, name, material or information; upload files that contain software or other material protected by intellectual property laws (or by rights of privacy of publicity) unless you own or control the rights thereto or have received all necessary consents; upload any content that infringes any intellectual property or other proprietary rights of any party; upload files that contain viruses, corrupted files, or any other similar software or programs that may damage the operation of another’s computer; upload any content that creates or poses a privacy or security risk to any person; upload any content that constitutes unsolicited or unauthorized advertising, promotional materials, commercial activities and/or sales, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” “contests,” “sweepstakes,” or any other form of solicitation; upload any content that is unlawful, harmful, threatening, abusive, harassing, tortious, excessively violent, defamatory, vulgar, obscene, pornographic, libelous, invasive of another’s privacy, hateful racially, ethnically or otherwise objectionable; advertise or offer to sell or buy any goods or services for any business purpose, unless such Communication Service specifically allows such messages; conduct or forward surveys, contests, pyramid schemes or chain letters; download any file posted by another user of a Communication Service that you know, or reasonably should know, cannot be legally distributed in such manner; interfere with or disrupt the Matryx Products or servers or networks connected to the Matryx Products, or disobey any requirements, procedures, policies or regulations of networks connected to the Service; impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent your affiliation with a person or entity; solicit personal information from anyone under the age of 18; further or promote any criminal activity or enterprise or provide instructional information about illegal activities; falsify or delete any author attributions, legal or other proper notices or proprietary designations or labels of the origin or source of software or other material contained in a file that is uploaded, restrict or inhibit any other user from using and enjoying the Communication Services; violate any code of conduct or other guidelines which may be applicable for any particular Communication Service; harvest or otherwise collect information about others, including e-mail addresses, without their consent; violate any applicable laws or regulations.

Nanome has no obligation to monitor the Communication Services. However, Nanome reserves the right to review materials posted to a Communication Service and to remove any materials in its sole discretion. Nanome reserves the right to terminate your access to any or all of the Communication Services at any time without notice for any reason whatsoever.

Nanome reserves the right at all times to disclose any information as necessary to satisfy any applicable law, regulation, legal process or governmental, or to edit, refuse to post or to remove any information or materials, in whole or in part, in Nanome’s sole discretion.

Always use caution when giving out any personally identifying information about yourself or your children in any Communication Service. Nanome does not control or endorse the content, messages or information found in any Communication Service and, therefore, Nanome specifically disclaims any liability with regard to the Communication Services and any actions resulting from your participation in any Communication Service.

Materials uploaded to a Communication Service may be subject to posted limitations on usage, reproduction and/or dissemination. You are responsible for adhering to such limitations if you upload the materials.
 
Special Notice for International Use; Export Controls 

The technology and software underlying the Matryx Products (“Software”) available in connection with the Matryx Products and the transmission of applicable data, if any, is subject to United States export controls.  No Software may be downloaded from the Matryx Products or otherwise exported or re-exported in violation of U.S. export laws.  Downloading or using the Software is at your sole risk.  Recognizing the global nature of the Internet, you agree to comply with all local rules and laws regarding your use of the Matryx Products.

Submissions

You may post, upload, input or submit to any Matryx Products or our associated services (collectively “Submissions”). However, by posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submissions you are granting Nanome, our affiliated companies and necessary sublicensees permission to use your Submissions in connection with the operation of their businesses including, without limitation, the rights to: copy, distribute, transmit, publicly display, publicly perform, reproduce, edit, translate and reformat your Submissions; and to publish your name in connection with your Submissions. 

You will receive certain tokens for your Submission, as specified on the Matryx Site. All such Submissions will also be subject to revisions and contributions by other users (“Contributors”), where such Contributors will receive certain tokens for their revisions and contributions, as specified on the Matryx Site.  Nanome is under no obligation to post or use any Submissions you may provide and may remove any Submissions at any time in Nanome’s sole discretion.

By posting, uploading, inputting, providing or submitting your Submissions you warrant and represent that you own or otherwise control all of the rights to your Submissions as described in this section including, without limitation, all the rights necessary for you to provide, post, upload, input or submit the Submissions. You are legally responsible for your Submissions on the Matryx Products, so for your own protection you should exercise caution and avoid contributing any content that may result in criminal or civil liability under any applicable laws. For clarity, applicable law includes at least the laws of the United States of America. Although we may not agree with such actions, we warn editors and contributors that authorities may seek to apply other country laws to you, including local laws where you live or where you view or edit content. We cannot offer any protection, guarantee, immunity or indemnification in relation to such actions.

Because all Submissions are collaboratively edited, all of the content that we host is provided by users like yourself, and we do not take an editorial role. This means that we generally do not monitor or edit the content of the Submissions, and we do not take any responsibility for this content. Similarly, we do not endorse any opinions expressed via our services, and we do not represent or guarantee the truthfulness, accuracy, or reliability of any submitted community content. Instead, we simply provide access to the content that your fellow users have contributed and edited.

Because we provide a wide array of content that is produced or gathered by fellow users, you may encounter material that you find offensive, erroneous, misleading, mislabeled, or otherwise objectionable. We therefore ask that you use common sense and proper judgment when using the Matryx Products.

You acknowledge and agree that we may preserve content and may also disclose content if required to do so by law or in the good faith belief that such preservation or disclosure is reasonably necessary to: (a) comply with legal process, applicable laws or government requests; (b) enforce these Terms; (c) respond to claims that any content violates the rights of third parties; or (d) protect the rights, property, or personal safety of Nanome, its users and the public. You understand that the technical processing and transmission of the Matryx Products, including your content, may involve (a) transmissions over various networks; and (b) changes to conform and adapt to technical requirements of connecting networks or devices.

Matryx Bounty System.

The Matryx bounty system aims to accelerate innovation and reward all Contributors. A “Bounty” is a challenge posted to the Matryx Site with an attached MTX reward for Contributors who make relevant contributions to the answer. 

Contributors are responsible for properly submitting their Submissions.  Nanome does not receive, process or review proposed Submissions. If you are a Contributor, you represent, warrant and promise that any Submission provided by you or on your behalf is an original creation of yours, was prepared in accordance with the applicable open source license, and does not (directly or indirectly) infringe the intellectual property rights or other legal rights of any third party.

The winning Submission will be selected by the user who posted the bounty (“Bounty Poster”). If no Submission is select as the winner of a particular bounty, the Matryx Products allow for nested bounties, permitting new bounties to be posed using an existing submission as a starting point, or parent. Through a nested bounty, a Bounty Poster can extend and raise the MTX reward while attributing and compensating all prior Contributors.  

The Matryx Products merely constitute a platform for posting bounties and providing Submissions.  We do not have control over the quality, timing, legality, failure to provide, or any other aspect whatsoever of Submissions, nor of the integrity, responsibility, qualifications or any of the actions or omissions whatsoever of any users. We make no representations about the suitability, reliability, timeliness, or accuracy of the Submissions.  We are solely a passive conduit to facilitate communication between users.  When interacting with other users, you should exercise caution and common sense to protect your personal safety and property, just as you would when interacting with other persons whom you do not know. NEITHER NANOME NOR ITS AFFILIATES OR LICENSORS IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE CONDUCT, WHETHER ONLINE OR OFFLINE, OF ANY USER OF THE MATRYX PRODUCTS AND YOU HEREBY RELEASE NAMOME AND ITS AFFILIATES AND LICENSORS FROM ANY LIABILITY RELATED THERETO.  

The Bounty Poster and Contributor are forming a contract directly between themselves when a Submission is submitted by the Contributor (the “Bounty Agreement”).  The terms of the Bounty Agreement include the terms made available through the Matryx Products, which will be indicated on the Matryx Site.  You agree that Nanome is not a party to any Bounty Agreement and the formation of a Bounty Agreement will not, under any circumstance, create an employment or other service relationship between Nanome and the respective user.  We facilitate such Bounty Agreements by supplying a medium through which Bounty Posters can communicate with Contributors.

For more information about the Matryx Bounty System, please visit Our FAQ. 

International Users

The Matryx Products are controlled, operated and administered by Nanome from our offices within the United States of America. If you access the Matryx Products from a location outside the USA, you are responsible for compliance with all local laws, whether in the United States or in your jurisdiction. You agree that you will not use the Matryx Content accessed through the Matryx Products in any country or in any manner prohibited by any applicable laws, restrictions or regulations.

Indemnification

You agree to indemnify, defend and hold harmless Nanome, its officers, directors, employees, agents and third parties, for any losses, costs, liabilities and expenses (including reasonable attorneys’ fees) relating to or arising out of your use of or inability to use the Matryx Products or services, any user postings made by you, your violation of any terms of these Terms or your violation of any rights of a third party, or your violation of any applicable laws, rules or regulations. Nanome reserves the right, at its own cost, to assume the exclusive defense and control of any matter otherwise subject to indemnification by you, in which event you will fully cooperate with Nanome in asserting any available defenses. 

Disclaimer of Certain Liabilities

THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, AND SERVICES INCLUDED IN OR AVAILABLE THROUGH THE Matryx PRODUCTS MAY INCLUDE INACCURACIES OR TYPOGRAPHICAL ERRORS. CHANGES ARE PERIODICALLY ADDED TO THE INFORMATION HEREIN. NANOME AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAY MAKE IMPROVEMENTS AND/OR CHANGES IN THE Matryx PRODUCTS AT ANY TIME.

NANOME AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS MAKE NO REPRESENTATIONS ABOUT THE SUITABILITY, RELIABILITY, AVAILABILITY, TIMELINESS, AND ACCURACY OF THE INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS CONTAINED ON THE Matryx PRODUCTS FOR ANY PURPOSE. TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ALL SUCH INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” WITHOUT WARRANTY OR CONDITION OF ANY KIND. NANOME AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS HEREBY DISCLAIM ALL WARRANTIES AND CONDITIONS WITH REGARD TO THIS INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS, INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, TITLE AND NON-INFRINGEMENT.

TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, IN NO EVENT SHALL NANOME AND/OR ITS SUPPLIERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY INDIRECT, PUNITIVE, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, DAMAGES FOR LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THE SITE, WITH THE DELAY OR INABILITY TO USE THE SITE OR RELATED SERVICES, THE PROVISION OF OR FAILURE TO PROVIDE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY INFORMATION, SOFTWARE, PRODUCTS, SERVICES AND RELATED GRAPHICS OBTAINED THROUGH THE SITE, OR OTHERWISE ARISING OUT OF THE USE OF THE SITE, WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, NEGLIGENCE, STRICT LIABILITY OR OTHERWISE, EVEN IF NANOME OR ANY OF ITS SUPPLIERS HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF DAMAGES. BECAUSE SOME STATES/JURISDICTIONS DO NOT ALLOW THE EXCLUSION OR LIMITATION OF LIABILITY FOR CONSEQUENTIAL OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, THE ABOVE LIMITATION MAY NOT APPLY TO YOU. IF YOU ARE DISSATISFIED WITH ANY PORTION OF THE SITE, YOUR SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REMEDY IS TO DISCONTINUE USING THE SITE.

IF YOU ARE A USER FROM NEW JERSEY, THE FOREGOING SECTION TITLED “DISCLAIMER OF CERTAIN LIABILITIES” ARE INTENDED TO BE ONLY AS BROAD AS IS PERMITTED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY.  IF ANY PORTION OF THIS SECTION IS HELD TO BE INVALID UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW JERSEY, THE INVALIDITY OF SUCH PORTION SHALL NOT AFFECT THE VALIDITY OF THE REMAINING PORTIONS OF THE APPLICABLE SECTION.

Termination/Miscellaneous 

Nanome reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to terminate your access to the Matryx Products and its related services or any portion thereof at any time, without notice. To the maximum extent permitted by law, the laws of the State of California govern this agreement. Use of the Matryx Products is unauthorized in any jurisdiction that does not give effect to all provisions of these Terms, including, without limitation, this section.

You agree that no joint venture, partnership, employment, or agency relationship exists between you and Nanome as a result of this agreement or use of the Matryx Products. Nanome’s performance of this agreement is subject to existing laws and legal process, and nothing contained in this agreement is in derogation of Nanome’s right to comply with governmental, court and law enforcement requests or requirements relating to your use of the Matryx Products or information provided to or gathered by Nanome with respect to such use. If any part of this agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable pursuant to applicable law including, but not limited to, the warranty disclaimers and liability limitations set forth above, then the invalid or unenforceable provision will be deemed superseded by a valid, enforceable provision that most closely matches the intent of the original provision and the remainder of the agreement shall continue in effect.

Unless otherwise specified herein, these Terms constitutes the entire agreement between the user and Nanome with respect to the Matryx Products and it supersedes all prior or contemporaneous communications and proposals, whether electronic, oral or written, between the user and Nanome with respect to the Matryx Products, except for any Token Sale Agreement into which you enter with Nanome. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form shall be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. It is the express wish to the parties that this agreement and all related documents be written in English.

Reviews and Comments

We may, from time to time, permit you or other visitors to post reviews, comments and other content; and submit suggestions, ideas, comments, questions, or other information, so long as the content is not illegal, obscene, threatening, defamatory, invasive of privacy, infringing of intellectual property rights, or otherwise injurious to third parties or objectionable and does not consist of or contain software viruses, political campaigning, commercial solicitation, chain letters, mass mailings, or any form of “spam.” You may not use a false e-mail address, impersonate any person or entity, or otherwise mislead as to the origin of a card or other content. Nanome reserves the right (but not the obligation) to remove or edit such content, but does not regularly review posted content.

Dispute Resolution by Binding Arbitration; Jury Trail Waiver; Class Action Waiver. PLEASE READ THIS SECTION CAREFULLY AS IT AFFECTS YOUR RIGHTS. 

For any and all controversies, disputes, demands, claims, or causes of action between you and us (including the interpretation and scope of this Section and the arbitrability of the controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action) relating to the Matryx Products or these Terms (as well as any related or prior agreement that you may have had with us), you and we agree to resolve any such controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action exclusively through binding and confidential arbitration. A party who intends to seek arbitration must first send to the other, by certified mail, a written Notice of Dispute (“Notice”).  The Notice to Nanome should be sent to 2040 Martin Ave, Santa Clara, CA 95050(“Notice Address”). The Notice must (i) describe the nature and basis of the claim or dispute and (ii) set forth the specific relief sought.  If Nanome and you do not resolve the claim within sixty (60) calendar days after the Notice is received, you or Nanome may commence an arbitration proceeding. During the arbitration, the amount of any settlement offer made by Nanome or you shall not be disclosed to the arbitrator until after the arbitrator determines the amount, if any, to which you or Nanome is entitled. The arbitration will take place in the federal judicial district of the Southern District of California, or if that is deemed inappropriate, the federal judicial district of your residence. As used in this Section, “we” and “us” mean the Nanome Inc.. In addition, “we” and “us” include any third party providing any product, service, or benefit in connection with the Matryx Products or these Terms (as well as any related or prior agreement that you may have had with us) if such third party is named as a co-party with us in any controversy, dispute, demand, claim, or cause of action subject to this Section.

Arbitration will be subject to the Federal Arbitration Act and not any state arbitration law. The arbitration will be conducted before one commercial arbitrator from the American Arbitration Association (“AAA”) with substantial experience in resolving commercial contract disputes. As modified by these Terms, and unless otherwise agreed upon by the parties in writing, the arbitration will be governed by the AAA’s Commercial Arbitration Rules and, if the arbitrator deems them applicable, the Supplementary Procedures for Consumer Related Disputes (collectively, the “Rules and Procedures”). Where no claims or counterclaims exceed $10,000, the dispute will be resolved by the submission of documents without a hearing, unless a hearing is requested by a party or deemed necessary by the arbitrator, in which case, a party may elect to participate telephonically.

You should review this provision carefully. To the extent permitted by applicable law, you are GIVING UP YOUR RIGHT TO GO TO COURT to assert or defend your rights EXCEPT for matters that you file in small claims court in the state or municipality of your residence within the jurisdictional limits of the small claims court and as long as such matter is only pending in that court. Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, claims of defamation, and infringement or misappropriation of the other party’s patent, copyright, trademark, or trade secret shall not be subject to this arbitration agreement. Such claims shall be exclusively brought in the state or federal courts located in the Southern District of California. Additionally, notwithstanding this agreement to arbitrate, you or us may seek emergency equitable relief before the state or federal courts located in the Southern District of California in order to maintain the status quo pending arbitration and hereby agree to submit to the exclusive personal jurisdiction of the courts located within the Southern District of California for such purpose. A request for interim measures shall not be deemed a waiver of the right to arbitrate.

Your rights will be determined by a NEUTRAL ARBITRATOR and NOT a judge or jury. You are entitled to a FAIR HEARING, BUT the arbitration procedures may be SIMPLER AND MORE LIMITED THAN RULES APPLICABLE IN COURT. Arbitrators’ decisions are as enforceable as any court order and are subject to VERY LIMITED REVIEW BY A COURT.

You and we must abide by the following rules: (A) ANY CLAIMS BROUGHT BY YOU OR US MUST BE BROUGHT IN THE PARTY’S INDIVIDUAL CAPACITY, AND NOT AS A PLAINTIFF OR CLASS MEMBER IN ANY PURPORTED CLASS OR REPRESENTATIVE PROCEEDING; (B) THE ARBITRATOR MAY NOT CONSOLIDATE MORE THAN ONE PERSON’S CLAIMS, MAY NOT OTHERWISE PRESIDE OVER ANY FORM OF A REPRESENTATIVE OR CLASS PROCEEDING, AND MAY NOT AWARD CLASS-WIDE RELIEF; (c) in the event that you are able to demonstrate that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, we will pay as much of your filing and hearing fees in connection with the arbitration as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost- prohibitive as compared to the cost of litigation, (d) we also reserve the right, in our sole and exclusive discretion, to assume responsibility for any or all of the costs of the arbitration; (e) the arbitrator will honor claims of privilege and privacy recognized at law; (f) the arbitration will be confidential, and neither you nor we may disclose the existence, content, or results of any arbitration, except as may be required by applicable law or for purposes of enforcement of the arbitration award; (g) subject to the limitation of liability provisions of these Terms, the arbitrator may award any individual relief or individual remedies that are expressly permitted by applicable law; and (h) you and we will pay our respective attorneys’ fees and expenses, unless there is a statutory provision that requires the prevailing party to be paid its fees and litigation expenses and the arbitrator awards such attorneys’ fees and expenses to the prevailing party, and, in such instance, the fees and costs awarded will be determined by the applicable law.

Payment of all filing, administration, and arbitrator fees (collectively, the “Arbitration Fees”) will be governed by the AAA Rules, unless otherwise provided in this Arbitration Agreement.  If the value of the relief sought is $75,000 or less, at your request, we will pay all Arbitration Fees.  If the value of relief sought is more than $75,000 and you are able to demonstrate to the arbitrator that you are economically unable to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees or if the arbitrator otherwise determines for any reason that you should not be required to pay your portion of the Arbitration Fees, we will pay your portion of such fees.  In addition, if you demonstrate to the arbitrator that the costs of arbitration will be prohibitive as compared to the costs of litigation, Company will pay as much of the Arbitration Fees as the arbitrator deems necessary to prevent the arbitration from being cost-prohibitive.  Any payment of attorneys’ fees will be governed by the AAA Rules.

All aspects of the arbitration proceeding, and any ruling, decision, or award by the arbitrator, will be strictly confidential for the benefit of all parties.

This Section will survive termination of your account and these Terms as well as any voluntary payment of any debt in full by you or any bankruptcy by you or us. With the exception of subparts (a) and (b) above of this Section (prohibiting arbitration on a class or collective basis), if any part of this arbitration provision is deemed to be invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, or otherwise conflicts with the Rules and Procedures, then the balance of this arbitration provision will remain in effect and will be construed in accordance with its terms as if the invalid, unenforceable, illegal or conflicting part was not contained herein. If, however, either subpart (a) or (b) above of this Section is found to be invalid, unenforceable, or illegal, then the entirety of this arbitration provision will be null and void, and neither you nor we will be entitled to arbitration. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, the dispute shall be exclusively brought in state or federal court located in San Diego, California.

Notwithstanding any provision in these Terms to the contrary, Nanome agrees that if it makes any future change to this arbitration section (other than a change to the Notice Address) while you are a user of the Matryx Products, you may reject any such change by sending us written notice within thirty (30) calendar days of the change to the Notice Address provided above.  By rejecting any future change, you are agreeing that you will arbitrate any dispute between us in accordance with the language of this arbitration section as of the date you first accepted these Terms (or accepted any subsequent changes to these Terms).

For more information on the AAA, the Rules and Procedures, or the process for filing an arbitration claim, you may call the AAA at 888-778-7879 or visit the AAA website at http://www.adr.org.

YOU AGREE THAT, TO THE MAXIMUM EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THE SERVICE OR THESE TERMS MUST BE FILED WITHIN ONE (1) YEAR AFTER SUCH CLAIM OR CAUSE OF ACTION AROSE OR IT WILL BE FOREVER BARRED.

Digital Millennium Copyright Act

If you are a copyright owner or agent thereof and believe any content infringes upon your copyrights, you may submit a written notice pursuant to the Digital Millennium Copyright Act (“DMCA”) to our copyright agent team@matryx.ai

In order to take action, your notice must:
●	Include your physical or electronic signature.
●	Identify the copyrighted work claimed to have been infringed, or, if multiple copyrighted works at a single online site are covered by a single notice, a representative list of such works at that site. 
●	Identify the content that is claimed to be infringing or to be the subject of infringing activity and that is to be removed or access to which is to be disabled and provide information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate the content. 
●	Provide a way for us to contact you, such as your address, telephone number, or email address.
●	Include in your notice the following statement: “I believe in good faith that the use of copyrighted material described in this notice was not authorized by the owner of the copyright, an agent of the owner of the copyright, or applicable law.”
●	Include in your notice the following statement: “I swear, under penalty of perjury, that the information I have set forth in this notice is accurate, and I am either (1) the owner of the copyright; (2) someone authorized to act on behalf of the owner of the copyright; or (3) someone authorized to act on behalf of someone who holds an exclusive right to use the copyright in the manner in which it has been infringed.”

We cannot take action unless you give us all required information, and you acknowledge that if you fail to comply with all of the requirements of this Section, your DMCA notice may not be valid.

Please note that you can be held liable for damages (including costs and attorneys’ fees) if you wrongfully claim that content infringes your copyright. If you are not sure whether content infringes your copyright, you should first contact an attorney and seek legal advice.

If you believe that your content that was removed (or to which access was disabled) is not infringing, or that you have the authorization from the copyright owner, the copyright owner’s agent, or pursuant to applicable law, to post and use such material, you may submit a written counter-notice to our copyright agent at team@matryx.ai. In order to take action, your counter-notice must: (1) include your physical or electronic signature; (2) identify your content that has been removed or to which access has been disabled and the location at which your content appeared before it was removed or access to it was disabled; (3) include a statement, under penalty of perjury, that you have a good faith belief that your content was removed or disabled as a result of mistake or a misidentification of your content; and (4) include your name, address, and telephone number and a statement that you consent to the jurisdiction of Federal District Court for the judicial district in which the address is located, or if your address is outside of the United States, for any judicial district in which we may be found, and that you will accept service of process from the person who provided the DMCA notice to us or an agent of such person. If a proper counter-notice is received by our copyright agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that we may replace the removed content or cease disabling it in ten (10) business days. We may, in our discretion, replace or restore access to the removed content and cease disabling access to it in ten (10) to fourteen (14) business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, unless our designated agent first receives notice from the person who submitted the DMCA notice that such person has filed an action seeking a court order to restrain the owner of the removed content from engaging in infringing activity relating to such content.

User Disputes

You agree that you are solely responsible for your interactions with any other user in connection with the Matryx Products and Nanome will have no liability or responsibility with respect thereto.  We reserve the right, but have no obligation, to become involved in any way with disputes between you and any other user of the Matryx Products.

General 

These Terms will be governed by the laws of the State of California without regard to its conflict of law provisions. With respect to any disputes or claims not subject to arbitration, as set forth above, you and Nanome agree to submit to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within San Diego County, California. The failure of Nanome to exercise or enforce any right or provision of these Terms will not constitute a waiver of such right or provision. If any provision of these Terms is found by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid, the parties nevertheless agree that the court should endeavor to give effect to the parties’ intentions as reflected in the provision, and the other provisions of these Terms remain in full force and effect. A printed version of this agreement and of any notice given in electronic form will be admissible in judicial or administrative proceedings based upon or relating to this agreement to the same extent and subject to the same conditions as other business documents and records originally generated and maintained in printed form. You may not assign these Terms without the prior written consent of Nanome, but Nanome may assign or transfer these Terms, in whole or in part, without restriction. The section titles in these Terms are for convenience only and have no legal or contractual effect. Notices to you may be made via either email or regular mail. 

Your Privacy

At Nanome, we respect the privacy of our users. For details please see our Privacy Policy.  By using the Matryx Products, you consent to our collection and use of personal data as outlined therein

Notice for California Users

Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, users of the Service from California are entitled to the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at 1625 North Market Blvd., Suite N 112, Sacramento, CA 95834, or by telephone at (916) 445-1254 or (800) 952-5210. You may contact us via email at team@matryx.ai,

Contact Us

Nanome welcomes your questions or comments regarding these Terms via email at team@matryx.ai.

